README.md, before:

# scattered-scatterplot

These code examples are for the workshop “From Scattered to Scatterplot: An Introduction to [d3.js](http://d3js.org),” led by Scott Murray.  The workshop will be offered on:

- 2014 January 8 as an [O’Reilly Webcast](http://oreillynet.com/pub/e/2952)
- 2014 February 11 at the [Strata Conference](http://strataconf.com/strata2014/public/schedule/detail/32866) in Santa Clara

Inline versions of these examples are also hosted on Atlas (no download required):

- [All inline examples](http://chimera.labs.oreilly.com/books/1234000002001/ch01.html)
- [Presentation slides with inline examples](http://scatteredtoscatterplot.strataconf.com) (experimental!)

Some of these examples are adapted from the sample code files for *Interactive Data Visualization for the Web* (O’Reilly, March 2013).

- [O’Reilly book page](http://shop.oreilly.com/product/0636920026938.do)
- [Online preview](http://chimera.labs.oreilly.com/books/1230000000345/)
- [All code samples for the book](https://github.com/alignedleft/d3-book)

Commit message:

Added video course to README

README.md, after:

# scattered-scatterplot

These code examples accompany the video course “[An Introduction to d3.js: From Scattered to Scatterplot](http://shop.oreilly.com/product/110000632.do)”.

These examples have also been used for similar workshops, which were presented on:

- 2014 January 8 as an [O’Reilly Webcast](http://oreillynet.com/pub/e/2952)
- 2014 February 11 at the [Strata Conference](http://strataconf.com/strata2014/public/schedule/detail/32866) in Santa Clara

Inline versions of these examples are also hosted on Atlas (no download required):

- [All inline examples](http://chimera.labs.oreilly.com/books/1234000002001/ch01.html)
- [Presentation slides with inline examples](http://scatteredtoscatterplot.strataconf.com) (experimental!)

Some of these examples are adapted from the sample code files for *Interactive Data Visualization for the Web* (O’Reilly, March 2013).

- [O’Reilly book page](http://shop.oreilly.com/product/0636920026938.do)
- [Online preview](http://chimera.labs.oreilly.com/books/1230000000345/)
- [All code samples for the book](https://github.com/alignedleft/d3-book)
